# Introduction - 简化版

**1 - 年龄**：

Hello，I am glad to be here for this **interview**. Please let me introduce myself first. My name is Kevin Zhao, I am 32 years old, and from **Hunan Province**.

**2 - 学校**

I graduated from **Hunan Tongde Vocational College** majored in Business English about eight years ago. 

**3 - 工作**

Now I wanna introduce my former jobs. **One was an English teacher in a training school** about eight years ago, and then the last one was **doing the foreign trade work. the trading field is printing books.**

**4 - 兴趣**

When it comes to hobbies, reading books and listening to music are my type. My favorite song is `<<my love>>`from westlife band. 

As a matter of fact, we can listen to the very nice music and reading a good book, with a cup of coffee better, maybe this is called beautiful life.





# Introduction - 完整版

**1 - 年龄**：

Hello，I am glad to be here for this **interview**. Please let me introduce myself first. My name is Kevin Zhao, I am 32 years old, and from **Hunan Province**.

**2 - 学校**

I graduated from **Hunan Tongde Vocational College** majored in Business English about eight years ago. 

**3 - 工作**

Now I wanna introduce my former jobs. One was an English teacher in a training school about eight years ago, and then the last one was doing the foreign trade work. the trading field is printing books, why do I leave my last job? 

- one is because **printing industry** is an old-fashioned field. With the development of IT and the reduction of paper products, **orders in this industry are getting fewer and fewer.** Many of our paper books have been replaced by e-books. I think gradual reduction is not a **trend** for printing industry.
- and the other is because you know the COVID-19(we  also called the virus). This condition really **affects the normal work** of the printing industry.

**4 - 兴趣**

When it comes to hobbies, reading books and listening to music are my type. My favorite song is `<<my love>>`from westlife band. As a matter of fact, we can listen to the very nice music and reading a good book, with a cup of coffee better, maybe this is called beautiful life.

